# Creation Mythos
Eons ago, the God of Creation was caught up in some event, possibly the same event that caused the Wheel model to take place and split the original plane into all of the planes. THis event caused the God of Creation to split themselves up into material peices and metaphysical pieces. The material pieces collapsed upon the original Material Plane and formed the [[Concepts of Creation]], giving rise to reality-altering phenomena. The metaphysical pieces brought forth [[Gentle Death]] and [[Crafted Life]] - who dealt with the most primal law of nature - and some other minor deities idk.
After the spawn of the Concepts of Creation, the remaining body parts of the God fell down to the Material Plane and created a network of Leylines that channel large currents of magic through the world. 

## [[The Book of Life (magic item)]]
Before the book was written, there were no pages. Eventually, an idea was formed which took shape in the form of a blank light, and manifested blank pages basked in the light of reality. (editor's note: you can read the following paragraphs as non-linear storytelling and can read this as Life being formed from Death and Death being formed from Life.)
### [[Crafted Life]]
When life was formed, the light seemed all-encompassing and brought meaning. Life, being a young God thought that this is what they were destined to be; encompassing all of creation and being the light at the end of the tunnel. Then suddenly there was darkness, cutting through the brightness and slowly taking shape as a perfect sphere. The sphere told Life that they are the first thing perceived by any being of creation, but never the last. The spark igniting the candle of birth, but never the smoke when it eventually gets extinguished. The first breath of any living being, but never its final. The guide of the living but never the follower. *The first chapter in the Book of Life.*

Life saw their finality and understood their responsibility, and vowed to be the guide of all of creation. They vowed to bestow freedom of choice throughout life and existence. Eons went by and populations increase and societies rose and ideas spawned, but Life grew complacent and bored and began to saw less meaning. They slowly began losing their vow. Life began only caring for who were 'chosen', and will be waiting for when they are finally guided by Death.
### [[Gentle Death]]
When death was formed, the darkness seemed all-encompassing and meaningless. Death, being a young God thought that this is what they were destined to be; encompassing all of creation and being the darkness of the tunnel. Then suddenly there was light, shining through the darkness and slowly taking shape as a perfect sphere. The sphere told Death that they are the final thing perceived by any being of creation, but never the first. The smoke extinguishing the candle of birth, but never the spark that ignites it. The last breath of any living being, but never its first. The follower of the living but never the guide. *The final chapter in the Book of Life.*

Death saw their meaning and understood their responsibility, and vowed to be the guide of the end of creation. They vowed to bestow freedom of choice at the end of life and existence. Eons went by and populations decrease and societies fell and ideas died, but Death grew hopeful and gentle and began to see more meaning. They began strengthening their vow. Death cared for everyone and never made a choice in who they guided towards their end, and will be waiting for when they can can finally guide themselves.