Deep within the confines of the outer city, next to all the garbage, thievery and extortion one can imagine. There existed a couple of small rat-like humanoid families with threads moving deep into the underworld. These figures were selected for their inconspicuous appearance and their very agile physical traits. These families' were able to go underwater, climb steep walls and much more, depending on what they were trained to do. This went on for a significant amount of time, generations long, generations of pure torture, extortion and greed. If the family did not offer up their children for these 'trainings' they were given 'privileges', these included things such as daily whippings, food stores being destroyed and at times, could mean death.

The people who extorted and abused these families were refered to as [[../../Locations and NPCs/Makhshar Desert/Zal'Aata/Third Domain/Overlord]], they deemed themselves above the law, above nature and they saw themselves as holy, as close to god as one could come. They did not need their 'entity' names nor had any appeal for the comfort of others. They simply went by whatever god fit them best. Their victims were marked with a very distinct maroon-coloured eye just under the right-side shoulder. A marking of their 'god', each person was assigned one overlord at a time, that is up until a certain individual raised to the occasion. His parents offered him up and he underwent the training as they all do, yet this individual managed to gain the courage to fight his opressors. He rejected his overlord and managed to rob one of them of their lives, after narrowly escaping his overlords he dumped everything. His name, his family and whatever was left of him, then he simply moved forward as he had to. His took upon himself the name Ratronus.

WIP!!!

After escaping his opressors, Ratronus realised he required power to protect himself, he surrounded himself with those whom he deemed worthy. Like-minded individuals who had also suffered great feats of violence and abuse. With his strict but fair rules Ratronus quickly gained popularity in the lower-income disctricts, he created job opportunities and worked well with [[../../Locations and NPCs/Makhshar Desert/Zal'Aata/Third Domain/Mycelio]],the leading gang in regard to spreading misinformation. In return for information they would offer protection. Ratronus grew especially close to Elizabeth, another simic-hybrid who also escaped their overlords. Elizabeth was a very private person, she did not like to discuss her future and much less her past, Ratronus knew very little of the latter. He did not mind, he had a keen eye on their personality. She was a mysterious creature with a similar fate, what was there not to be loved about it? Ratronus felt he could open to her, be vulnerable, which in turn is also what resulted in his capture. She abused his power, his fame, his violence and his kindness and turned him into the authorities.

### DM notes
- not sure if I wanna incorporate Elizabeth in this story but maybeeee
- Overlords will definitely play a bigger role
- [[../../Locations and NPCs/Makhshar Desert/Zal'Aata/Third Domain]]