Verdant Slaydeathworth (cg) is a summer Eladrin warlock with a particular connection to the beginnings of Zal'Aata (perhaps some forefather was the original founder of Zal'Aata) and a particular drive to uncover the secrets of Rankhra. They have an impressive posture and are quite powerful, and are very passionate for [[ResearchGroup]], willing to go far - perhaps too far - to achieve their goal of uncovering the secrets of Zal'Aata. Their patron is an Archfey.
## History
### Birth and Childhood
Verdant was born in the Feywild, their parents being a member of the [[Feywild Merchants]], more specifically being a subgroup called the [[Nomadic Feywild Collective]]. Being raised in a plane-hopping and trade-driven culture, they always felt a connection to both the Mortal Plane and the Feywild. They often accompanied their parents on their various trips throughout the world, always trading and never lingering in one spot, though they always returned to the Cornucopia Streak (and its Feywild alternative). Initially believing that this was simply due to a preference, Verdant did not pay this much mind.

After a number of centuries of trading and travelling, Verdant eventually decided to look more into the culture of the mortal plane and read about Zal'Aata. They found out the city was founded due to the presence of a mysterious temple, which had been built by the [[Ancients]]. Feeling that there must be more to this story, they decided to investigate this more closely and eventually discovered that one of the significant spellcasters who were responsible for the construction of the temple turned out to be one of their ancestors. This prompted them to split off from the Nomadic Feywild Collective and move to Zal'Aata in the hopes of uncovering more about the temple.
### Creation of the Research Organisation
#### Arriving in the city
After moving to the city, they managed to purchase a small, tucked away cafe in the Second Domain that was only accessible through the sewers and through a small alleyway with the money earned from centuries of trading. Knowing they had to earn money somehow, they dubbed the cafe [[CafeName]] and rented rooms for weary traders and tourists to stay. 

They made a living as an inn and amassed a notable reputation, with frequent customers telling them stories about their past and the city's inner workings. A notable customer was [[Everon Lunares]], who was responsible for the construction of the Aether Firmament and knew a whole lot about the city. They could not completely escape their roots as an explorer and traveller, however, and still explored the city and its region, the Cornucopia Streak. This exploration lead to connections throughout the region and Verdant slowly built a network of information.

#### The Third Domain
Verdant's network turned out to be of notable value when they first entered the Third Domain through the sewers near the cafe. Having heard of this place by Everon but not knowing of the specifics, they went on their way well-equipped with suitable weapons and loot after enchanting the alleyway with Fey magic that notified them of whomever decided to head through this alley and erased the memories of the moments spent in the alleyway.

Upon arriving in the Third Domain, Verdant was immediately being followed by members of [[IntelligenceAgency]], who had already heard of their reputation and, more importantly, their information network. Verdant had just mapped out a small portion of the Third Domain, when their spells notified them of a presence in the alleyway. Without wasting time, they left as soon as possible. What they didn't account for, was the possibility of Verdant being tracked by the [IntelligenceAgency] and this visitor simply being bait to get his location, and upon arriving, they could not find any trace of this visitor.

Exactly 7 hours later, a formal letter mysteriously appeared on their bureau with a formal, but mandatory "invitation" to a location in the Third Domain with directions that appeared only when they entered the Third Domain. Verdant, noticing that they were being followed, was on edge and moreso when they arrived at what seemed to be a humble coffee bar, where a gloomy figure was simply sipping their cappuccino, gesturing at Verdant to take a seat at his table.
#### Unexpected Partnership
This person introduced himself as [[Semyon Voltaire]] and told Verdant that he is the current leader of the [IntelligenceAgency] and that he heard that Verdant was building up a large information network, which did not go unnoticed and was to be kept in check. Semyon then prompted Verdant to share their story, and after a lengthy and deep conversation, gave them a Comet and a specific message code to send him a message and he hopes to have more conversations with each other.

Verdant took Semyon up on his offer -partly seeing an opportunity to further expand their information network, and mostly due to a mutual click-, and they grew closer. They shared their respective information networks and interest, but always returned to the coffeebar, enjoying a nice cup of coffee together. Together, they transformed Verdant's cafe into a proper research centre, and expanded the cafe to a separate [[Hotel|hotel]]. To this day, Verdant and Semyon still manage and run both companies together, Semyon mainly remaining in the background and Verdant on the foreground.
## Personality
They can be described as a charismatic and intense person, willing to stand up for what they believe in. They are a passionate person who puts reaching their goals above the resources they used, as long as it gets reached. This can come across as insensitive, but Verdant deeply cares about their allies. Since they are an Eladrin, they are able to see the beauty within every person. They have assumed the Summer Eladrin form to better lead their group.

Personality trait and flaw: You stand tall and strong so that others can lean on you. The best option is one that is swift, unexpected, and overwhelming.


