Vampidiae is a family of humanoid creatures commonly referred to as Vampires. Members of this species are commonly called Vampires. This species consists of three subspecies: Daywalkers, Duskstriders and Nightcrawlers, and consists of 2 distinct categories: Natural-born vampires, commonly called "Pureborn vampires"; and creatures-turned-vampire, commonly referred to as "Turned vampires".

# Description
Vampires are found all around Makhshar Desert due to its nocturnal lifestyle providing a better environment for vampires to thrive in. Vampires are either born or created by a pureborn vampire. When they are created by a Vampire, they initially start as Vampire Spawn, controlled by their original spawner. After either breaking the will of those who spawned them - be it by being freed, banished, or killing the original Vampiric lord -, or ingesting enough Life-Blood (a term describing a specific variant of blood infused with the being of its creature, only occurring in intelligent creatures), Vampiric spawn may break this control and act on their own free will. Typically, pure-blood vampires live for several millennia, living until about 4500-5500 years old. Turned vampires generally live shorter, clocking in at around 2000-3000 years old.

# Reproduction
Vampires are typically monogamous, but are not limited to one partner per life. They generally have several partners throughout their lives. After reproduction between two Vampidiae, a pure-blood vampire may be born, although this is by no means a guarantee. This chance is higher when two pure-blood vampires reproduce.